hey what's going on guys his palawan and
today we're going to be taking a look at
another gun for the best class setup
series here at carnage and if you
haven't already make sure to hit that
subscribe button for a lot of other
great gameplays and class setups and
tips and tricks on how to improve your
game I call it did he goes so yeah but
what's getting to today's class setup
today we're looking at a submachine gun
which is pretty good we don't have too
many SMG class setup so I think only two
on the carnage cleaning channel as of
now so now you got a third and that is
the Vepr which is a very good gun it was
in the beginning of college did you guys
consider the best gun in the game right
now it's probably in the top ten but not
the best it's very good though and
there's a lot of different class ups you
could use for this really so first off I
have to recommend using the foregrip as
a must you have to have that for grip on
there it does recoil and you want to be
able to pick off people from a little
bit of a further distance so make sure
you have that four grip on there second
is is actually a lot of different things
that could work out and that's what
we're gonna talk about so the first
thing is the muzzle brake so this is
gonna increase the damage at longer
distances obviously so you could always
throw that on there it's a submachine
gun you can pick off people from a
little bit of further distance you can
get killed kill us a little bit faster
it's always good but of course it's
going to put you on the radar and if you
don't like putting put on the radar then
you've got to throw that silencer on
that's literally all silenced the
silencer does makes the range go down a
little bit but yeah that's all it does
the sound sir is if you're going for
chem strikes specifically then throw
that on there but if you're looking to
just tear people up tear the enemy apart
you're playing competitive if you're
playing for that win definitely have
that muzzle brake on there it's gonna
make the gun a lot better now there's a
few other really things that you could
do I haven't tried it myself
but I've done it in private matches and
it worked very good against bots so I
don't know if it would be the same in
real matches but rapid fire makes this
gun very very effective obviously the
fire rate goes up of course and you can
kill enemies a little bit faster
the recoil will go up but that for grip
will help you out there and the second
thing you could always try using ace
extended mags that's really just if
you're that kind of guy that likes
taking out more enemies that
one time and you don't like reloading
constantly then extended maxes you for
you and you want to be able to you know
pull out or pull off more kills in a
single clip then that's definitely for
you but if you're just looking at just
fast paced action pick off this guy pick
off that guy pick off this guy
definitely add that muzzle brake on
that's what I would go with so my
preferred class setup is the foregrip
and muzzle brake on the Vepr now let's
move onto perks and as you guys know we
never used secondaries we never really
use lethal I really think that you've
got to have those perks that's gonna
make your game play a lot better it's
the best tip I can give don't use a
secondary guys don't really use a lethal
tacticals aren't really necessary unless
you're playing competitively or for the
win then you know there's a lot of
different things you can use for
competitive play style if you're playing
competitively you know throw those 9
bangs on this concussion smokes for
domination trophy systems for domination
or any other game modes
motion sensors there's a lot of good
stuff in there and lethal for getting
those you know those uh cap cap kills
when you're you know killing people off
domination flag c4 is all good stuff but
honestly I don't think you need one
that's just my personal preference so
yeah but perks guys pretty much the same
loadout really always my favorite go-to
perks for this one amplifies always good
that's what I use but you could always
put on the go on if you're rushing you
could always on the go and then you
could always put on you know the gambler
or something or you could always put
agility would make you move extremely
extremely fast with this gun as a
submachine gun you just increase that
mobility with agility and marathon
obviously makes your speed or your
unlimited sprint which is always good as
well so that's really preferred so your
your fourth / or your fifth perk and
your go-to perks is really up to you but
make sure you have these first four on
and then my recommended ones are always
agility marathon amplify you could
always put on the go on and gambler
anything really is up it's up to you so
I'm gonna go with agility though then
for your strike package as you guys know
if you watch the other class setups we
do not use a third perk as well and your
your first three specialist perks
because it will get your bonus a little
bit earlier on which is always a good
thing to have because you know if you
look if you throw this on you get it at
12 kills that's already halfway to your
strike but if you take it off you're in
nine kills or you know if you're using
different different loadout like that
it's an eight kills and you you can get
those extra perks later on that you
would originally get it like 15 12 kills
you can get them at eight kills and it
will help you out a lot more at an
earlier on stage you don't forget that
huge streak just to get your bonus
that's just my my personal preference
but I'm gonna use that as a placeholder
as I show you guys see perks that I like
to use basically I'm use of the grid to
stay off the radar and I'm going to use
actually I'm gonna use that as my place
so does I want gambler and I'm gonna
take this off and that's what I'm going
to use scavenger of course marathon the
dead silence off the grid focusing
gambler that's probably the best thing
for this gun you're gonna need that
focus on there for this gun because when
you get it you're gonna flinch a lot
especially with the Vepr so make sure
you have focus on for that reduced
weapons sway and also reduce flinch when
you get hit of course so that's pretty
much it guys hopefully you did enjoy
this class setup it's been a pull of one
this is a the Vepr class setup which is
another SMG and if you're looking
forward to more SMG class setups let us
know in the comments section below and I
will see you guys later